README.md, before:

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template?color=%2361dbfb&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template/stargazers/)

# GitHub React Portfolio Template

A performant, accessible, progressive React portfolio template that uses the [GitHub REST API](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/rest).

Add your GitHub username once and all of your info will automatically be updated. Deploy to GitHub pages in a few simple steps.

[Google PageSpeed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)

![Page Speed](/README_images/speed.png)

### <a href="https://mshuber1981.github.io/github-react-portfolio-template/">LIVE DEMO</a>

![Project Preview](/README_images/preview.png)

## Getting Started

1. [Create a repository from this template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)
1. [Clone your repostiory](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)
1. Make sure [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) is installed
1. Open your project and install the dependencies

   - ```bash
     npm install
     ```

1. Navigate to the src directory and open data.js
1. Add your GitHub username (data.js lines 23-27)

   - ```javascript
     /* START HERE
      ************************************************************** 
      Add your GitHub username below.
     */
     export const githubUsername = "Your GitHub username here";
     ```

1. Start the development server to view the results

   - ```bash
     npm start
     ```

## Updating the Hero images

1. Update the image imports/exports (data.js line 16-21)

   - ```javascript
     // Hero Images (add your images to the /images directory with the same names)
     import HeroLight from "./images/hero-light.jpg";
     import HeroDark from "./images/hero-dark.jpg";
     // If you change the import names above then you need to change the export names below
     export { HeroLight as Light };
     export { HeroDark as Dark };
     ```

## Updating the Skills section

![Skills Preview](/README_images/skills.png)

1. Import your desired skill icons (data.js line 1-11)

   - ```javascript
     // Skills icons - https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/
     import {
       FaHtml5,
       FaCss3Alt,
       FaBootstrap,
       FaReact,
       FaGitAlt,
       FaGithubSquare,
       FaLink,
     } from "react-icons/fa";
     import { SiJavascript, SiStyledcomponents, SiRedux } from "react-icons/si";
     ```

1. Follow the instructions to update the skillData array (data.js line 39-89)

   - ```javascript
     /* Skills
      **************************************************************
      Add or remove skills in the SAME format below, there must be one icon imported above per skill below.
     */
     export const skillData = [
      {
       id: 1,
       skill: <FaHtml5 className="display-4" />,
       name: "HTML5",
      },
     ```

## Updating the Projects section

![Projects Preview](/README_images/projects.png)

1. Follow the instructions to update the filteredProjects array (data.js lines 94-98)

   - ```javascript
     /* Projects
      ************************************************************** 
      List the repo names (string - "your-repo-name") you want to include (they will be sorted alphabetically). If empty, only the first 3 will be included.
     */
     export const filteredProjects = ["example-1", "example-2", "example-3"];
     ```

1. Import the projects images you want to use (data.js lines 13-14) or a default image will be applied

   - ```javascript
     // Projects Images
     // Add your images to the /assets/images directory and import below
     import colors from "./assets/images/colors.svg";
     import robot from "./assets/images/robot.svg";
     import notepad from "./assets/images/notepad.svg";
     ```

1. Follow the instructions to update the projectData array (data.js lines 100-106)

   - ```javascript
     // Replace the defualt GitHub image for matching repos below (images imported above - lines 13-14)
     export const projectCardImages = [
       {
         name: "example-1",
         image: Logo,
       },
     ];
     ```

## Updating the Contact section

![Contact Preview](/README_images/contact.png)

1. The contact form uses [Formspree](https://formspree.io/), create an account and add your endpoint URL (data.js lines 108-113)

   - ```javascript
     /* Contact Info
      ************************************************************** 
      Add your formspree endpoint below.
      https://formspree.io/
     */
     export const formspreeUrl = "https://formspree.io/f/YourEndpoint";
     ```

## Deploy

A helpful guide for Create React App deployments with GitHub Pages can be found [here](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment#github-pages).

1. Update the homepage value in package.json (line 3)

   - ```javascript
     "homepage": "https://YourUsername.github.io/your-app/",
     ```

1. Run the deploy command

   - ```bash
     npm run deploy
     ```

[Back to top :top:](#github-react-portfolio-template)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Migrating config options to Wiki

README.md, after:

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template?color=%2361dbfb&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template/stargazers/)

# GitHub React Portfolio Template

A performant, accessible, progressive React portfolio template that uses the [GitHub REST API](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/rest).

Add your GitHub username once and all of your info will automatically be updated. Deploy to GitHub pages in a few simple steps.

[Google PageSpeed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)

![Page Speed](/README_images/speed.png)

### <a href="https://mshuber1981.github.io/github-react-portfolio-template/">LIVE DEMO</a>

![Project Preview](/README_images/preview.png)

## Getting Started

1. [Create a repository from this template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)
1. [Clone your repostiory](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)
1. Make sure [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) is installed
1. Open your project and install the dependencies

   - ```bash
     npm install
     ```

1. Navigate to the src directory and open data.js
1. Add your GitHub username (data.js lines 23-27)

   - ```javascript
     /* START HERE
      ************************************************************** 
      Add your GitHub username below.
     */
     export const githubUsername = "Your GitHub username here";
     ```

1. Start the development server to view the results

   - ```bash
     npm start
     ```

## Updating the Skills section

![Skills Preview](/README_images/skills.png)

1. Import your desired skill icons (data.js line 1-11)

   - ```javascript
     // Skills icons - https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/
     import {
       FaHtml5,
       FaCss3Alt,
       FaBootstrap,
       FaReact,
       FaGitAlt,
       FaGithubSquare,
       FaLink,
     } from "react-icons/fa";
     import { SiJavascript, SiStyledcomponents, SiRedux } from "react-icons/si";
     ```

1. Follow the instructions to update the skillData array (data.js line 39-89)

   - ```javascript
     /* Skills
      **************************************************************
      Add or remove skills in the SAME format below, there must be one icon imported above per skill below.
     */
     export const skillData = [
      {
       id: 1,
       skill: <FaHtml5 className="display-4" />,
       name: "HTML5",
      },
     ```

## Updating the Projects section

![Projects Preview](/README_images/projects.png)

1. Follow the instructions to update the filteredProjects array (data.js lines 94-98)

   - ```javascript
     /* Projects
      ************************************************************** 
      List the repo names (string - "your-repo-name") you want to include (they will be sorted alphabetically). If empty, only the first 3 will be included.
     */
     export const filteredProjects = ["example-1", "example-2", "example-3"];
     ```

1. Import the projects images you want to use (data.js lines 13-14) or a default image will be applied

   - ```javascript
     // Projects Images
     // Add your images to the /assets/images directory and import below
     import colors from "./assets/images/colors.svg";
     import robot from "./assets/images/robot.svg";
     import notepad from "./assets/images/notepad.svg";
     ```

1. Follow the instructions to update the projectData array (data.js lines 100-106)

   - ```javascript
     // Replace the defualt GitHub image for matching repos below (images imported above - lines 13-14)
     export const projectCardImages = [
       {
         name: "example-1",
         image: Logo,
       },
     ];
     ```

## Updating the Contact section

![Contact Preview](/README_images/contact.png)

1. The contact form uses [Formspree](https://formspree.io/), create an account and add your endpoint URL (data.js lines 108-113)

   - ```javascript
     /* Contact Info
      ************************************************************** 
      Add your formspree endpoint below.
      https://formspree.io/
     */
     export const formspreeUrl = "https://formspree.io/f/YourEndpoint";
     ```

## Deploy

A helpful guide for Create React App deployments with GitHub Pages can be found [here](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment#github-pages).

1. Update the homepage value in package.json (line 3)

   - ```javascript
     "homepage": "https://YourUsername.github.io/your-app/",
     ```

1. Run the deploy command

   - ```bash
     npm run deploy
     ```

## Wiki

Checkout the [Wiki](https://github.com/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template/wiki) for additional customization options:

- [Updating the Hero images](https://github.com/mshuber1981/github-react-portfolio-template/wiki/Updating-the-Hero-images)<br />

[Back to top :top:](#github-react-portfolio-template)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
